src/content/jobs/xero-pdf.mdx, before:

---
position: 'Engineer - Infrastructure'
organization: '[Xero](https://www.xero.com/)'
image: './xero.jpg'
startDate: 2023-12-01
details:
  - label: 'Employment type'
    value: 'Full-time'
  - label: 'Work model'
    value: 'Hybrid'
  - label: 'Location'
    value: 'Wellington'
skills:
  - 'go'
  - 'kotlin'
  - 'terraform'
  - 'typescript'
  - 'ruby'
  - 'react'
  - 'dotnet'
  - 'helm'
  - 'docker'
  - 'kubernetes'
  - 'github-actions'
  - 'teamcity'
  - 'octopus-deploy'
  - 'aws'
  - 'sql'
  - 'grafana'
  - 'new-relic'
  - 'sumologic'
---

- Developed and maintained automation tooling using Go, Kotlin, Terraform, TypeScript, and Ruby.
- Implemented and maintained CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions, Kotlin, Terraform, and TypeScript, leveraging TeamCity, GitHub, Octopus Deploy, and AWS for reliable and efficient automated software testing and deployment.
- Ensured the stability and reproducibility of software testing environments by implementing Docker, Docker Compose, Helm, and Kubernetes deployments.
- Facilitated and participated in incident response, including root cause analysis and post-incident reviews, to improve system reliability and prevent future incidents.
- Implemented synthetic testing for path-to-production environments, creating an early warning system for potential issues before impacting product developers, ensuring a reliable deployment pipeline.
- Improved the reliability of an automated testing platform, reducing environment creation failure rates from approximately 30% to 12% through targeted stability enhancements.
- Utilised monitoring and observability tools like Grafana, New Relic, and Sumo Logic to quickly identify and diagnose issues during daily operations and incident response.
- Documented CI/CD pipelines, system architecture, operational procedures, and runbooks, facilitating knowledge transfer and ensuring consistent system maintenance.
- Participated in an on-call roster to provide support to developers, addressing issues in testing environments and deployment pipelines, and collaborating with development teams to prevent future incidents.

Commit message:

Refactor job descriptions for clarity and consistency
- Updated job entries in the Xero PDF context to use present tense for improved readability.
- Ensured uniformity in the structure of job responsibilities across markdown files.

src/content/jobs/xero-pdf.mdx, after:

---
position: 'Engineer - Infrastructure'
organization: '[Xero](https://www.xero.com/)'
image: './xero.jpg'
startDate: 2023-12-01
details:
  - label: 'Employment type'
    value: 'Full-time'
  - label: 'Work model'
    value: 'Hybrid'
  - label: 'Location'
    value: 'Wellington'
skills:
  - 'go'
  - 'kotlin'
  - 'terraform'
  - 'typescript'
  - 'ruby'
  - 'react'
  - 'dotnet'
  - 'helm'
  - 'docker'
  - 'kubernetes'
  - 'github-actions'
  - 'teamcity'
  - 'octopus-deploy'
  - 'aws'
  - 'sql'
  - 'grafana'
  - 'new-relic'
  - 'sumologic'
---

- Develop and maintain automation tooling using Go, Kotlin, Terraform, TypeScript, and Ruby.
- Implement and maintain CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions, Kotlin, Terraform, and TypeScript, leveraging TeamCity, GitHub, Octopus Deploy, and AWS for reliable and efficient automated software testing and deployment.
- Ensure the stability and reproducibility of software testing environments by implementing Docker, Docker Compose, Helm, and Kubernetes deployments.
- Facilitate and participate in incident response, including root cause analysis and post-incident reviews, to improve system reliability and prevent future incidents.
- Implement synthetic testing for path-to-production environments, creating an early warning system for potential issues before impacting product developers, ensuring a reliable deployment pipeline.
- Improve the reliability of an automated testing platform, reducing environment creation failure rates from approximately 30% to 12% through targeted stability enhancements.
- Utilise monitoring and observability tools like Grafana, New Relic, and Sumo Logic to quickly identify and diagnose issues during daily operations and incident response.
- Document CI/CD pipelines, system architecture, operational procedures, and runbooks, facilitating knowledge transfer and ensuring consistent system maintenance.
- Participate in an on-call roster to provide support to developers, addressing issues in testing environments and deployment pipelines, and collaborating with development teams to prevent future incidents.
